Add updates for quick launch partner (#20158)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/aws-cloudwatch-metric-streams-with-kinesis-data-firehose.md

> If you want to set up metric streams using the AWS Console, follow these steps for each AWS region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up metric streams using the AWS Console, create a [CloudWatch Metric Stream][2] for each AWS region.
```

> 1. Create your [CloudWatch Metric Stream][2] with the following steps:
> 2. Choose the "Quick AWS Partner Setup" and select "Datadog" as the AWS Partner destination from the dropdown.
>    {{< img src="integrations/guide/aws-cloudwatch-metric-streams-with-kinesis-data-firehose/metric-stream-partner-setup.png" alt="Cloudwatch metric stream quick partner setup" responsive="true" style="width:60%;">}}
> 3. Choose the Datadog site to which you want to stream metrics and enter your [Datadog API key][1].
> 4. Choose whether you want to stream all CloudWatch metrics, or only specific namespaces. You can optionally also exclude specific metrics. If you are in a Monitoring Account, you can also choose to enable [Cross-account streaming][5].
>    {{< img src="integrations/guide/aws-cloudwatch-metric-streams-with-kinesis-data-firehose/metric-stream-namespace-filter.png" alt="Cloudwatch metric stream" responsive="true" style="width:60%;">}}
> 5. Under **Add additional statistics**, include the AWS percentile metrics to send to Datadog. See the [CloudFormation template][3] for a list of the percentile metrics Datadog supports through polling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Choose the **Quick AWS Partner Setup** and select **Datadog** as the AWS Partner destination from the dropdown menu.
   {{< img src="integrations/guide/aws-cloudwatch-metric-streams-with-kinesis-data-firehose/metric-stream-partner-setup.png" alt="Cloudwatch metric stream quick partner setup" responsive="true" style="width:60%;">}}
2. Choose the Datadog site to which you want to stream metrics and enter your [Datadog API key][1].
3. Choose whether you want to stream all CloudWatch metrics, or only specific namespaces. You also have the option to exclude specific metrics. If you are in a Monitoring Account, you can also choose to enable [Cross-account streaming][5].
   {{< img src="integrations/guide/aws-cloudwatch-metric-streams-with-kinesis-data-firehose/metric-stream-namespace-filter.png" alt="Cloudwatch metric stream" responsive="true" style="width:60%;">}}
4. Under **Add additional statistics**, include the AWS percentile metrics to send to Datadog. See the [CloudFormation template][3] for a list of the percentile metrics Datadog supports through polling.
```

   {{< img src="integrations/guide/aws-cloudwatch-metric-streams-with-kinesis-data-firehose/percentiles.png" alt="Percentiles" responsive="true" style="width:60%;">}}

> 8. Name your metric stream.
> 9. Click **Create metric stream**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Assign a name to your metric stream.
6. Click **Create metric stream**.
```

[2]: https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudwatch/home?region=us-east-1#metric-streams:streams/create
[3]: https://github.com/DataDog/cloudformation-template/blob/master/aws_streams/streams_single_region.yaml#L168-L249
[4]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/amazon-web-services
[5]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/guide/aws-cloudwatch-metric-streams-with-kinesis-data-firehose/#cross-account-metric-streaming
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> ### Cross account metric streaming

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Cross-account metric streaming
```

> Cross-account metric streaming is an option you can use to include metrics that span across multiple AWS accounts within an AWS region in a single Metric Stream. This helps to reduce the number of streams needed to collect metrics for a common destination. To do this, you will need to [connect your source accounts][5] with your monitoring account and enable Cross-account streaming to Datadog in your AWS monitoring account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use cross-account metric streaming to include metrics in a single Metric Stream that spans across multiple AWS accounts within an AWS region. This helps to reduce the number of streams needed to collect metrics for a common destination. To do this, [connect your source accounts][5] with your monitoring account and enable Cross-account streaming to Datadog in your AWS monitoring account.
```

> **Note:** To collect custom tags and other metadata for all your streamed metrics, integrate your source accounts with Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** To collect custom tags and other metadata for your streamed metrics, integrate your source accounts with Datadog.
```

If you set streaming up through the [AWS Console](?tab=awsconsole#installation):
1. Delete the CloudWatch Metric Stream linked to your delivery stream.

> 2. Delete the S3 Bucket, Firehose, IAM roles associated with the stream and all other resources that were created while setting up the stream.

Reviewer: Just to confirm, this isn't saying to also delete "all other resources that were created while setting up the stream", right? That's how I first read the sentence but now I'm not sure if that's correct. Are we only talking about deleting roles here?

Author: You got it right - it does say to delete all resources that were created while setting up the stream! Thanks!
